Build: v3.6.9 Release PR (#3191)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

v3.6.9
- Improvement: In font size option user are not able to set value '0'.
- Improvement: Introduced filter to exclude anchor links from text-decoration style. ( https://wpastra.com/docs/remove-underlined-content-links/ )
- Improvement: Clear asset cache of theme and addon on every new update of theme.

> - Improvement: Moved add-on related Toggle-for-Desktop functionality's frontend-pro.js file from theme to add-on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improvement: Moved addon related Toggle for Desktop frontend-pro.js file from theme to addon.
```

> - Improvement: Moved the site icon control to a separate section 'Site Identity'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improvement: Moved the 'Site Icon' control to a separate section 'Site Identity'.
```
